README.md, before:

# Kirby-Blog

Kirby Plugin for a plain and simple blog.

# Installation

## Manual Setup

1. Download the Git repository as a Zip.
2. Unpack the Zip and move contents of resulting directory to `site/plugins/blog`.

## Git Setup

1. Open a shell at the root of your Kirby or Kirby Starterkit installation.
2. Run `git submodule add -b master --name blog git@github.com:moritzz/Kirby-Blog.git site/plugins/blog`

## Creating a Blog and Posts

1. Open Kirby Panel.
2. Create a Blog page.
3. Fill out the blog page form and configure it to you need.
4. Add Article pages as children to the Blog page.

To run multiple blogs on one site too, just create multiple Blog pages with corresponding Article child pages.

# Activate Formatted Article Teasers

Blog can expose formatted content (aka Kirbytext) teasers on the overview pages. Because [Tidy for PHP](http://php.net/manual/en/book.tidy.php) versions diverge, you need to activate this feature by adding the snippet below to your `site/config.php` file.

**Nota Bene:** If PHP throws warnings or errors, your Tidy for PHP version might be out of date. Please remove the lines below and ask your hosting provider for an update.

```php
/*
  Blog Setup
*/

c::set('tidy', true);
```

# Version History #

- v1.0: First official release
- v1.0.1: Fixed installation guide

# Planned Additions

- Integration with a bullet proof version of my [Calendar plugin fork](https://github.com/moritzz/kirby-calendar-plugin).

Commit message:

Added Calendar integration instructions and bumped version history.

README.md, after:

# Kirby-Blog

Kirby Plugin for a plain and simple blog.

# Installation

## Manual Setup

1. Download the Git repository as a Zip.
2. Unpack the Zip and move contents of resulting directory to `site/plugins/blog`.

## Git Setup

1. Open a shell at the root of your Kirby or Kirby Starterkit installation.
2. Run `git submodule add -b master --name blog git@github.com:moritzz/Kirby-Blog.git site/plugins/blog`

## Creating a Blog and Posts

1. Open Kirby Panel.
2. Create a Blog page.
3. Fill out the blog page form and configure it to your need.
4. Add Article pages as children to the Blog page.

To run multiple blogs on one site too, just create multiple Blog pages with corresponding Article child pages.

### Integration with Calendar

1. Follow the [installation instructions for my Calendar plugin](https://github.com/moritzz/Kirby-Calendar/blob/master/README.md).
2. Open any Blog page in Panel.
3. Add a Calendar page along your Articles.
4. Configure the Calendar.
5. Set Status of your Calendar to visible.
6. Add Events to any of your Article pages.

Because Calendar pages automatically generate a stream of all their sibling's and children's events, you can now publish the URL of your calendar page with `webcal://` instead of `http://` as protocol. Users clicking such a link on a system with a valid Calendar App installed, will be directed to subscribe to the stream automatically.

# Activate Formatted Article Teasers

Blog can expose formatted content (aka Kirbytext) teasers on the overview pages. Because [Tidy for PHP](http://php.net/manual/en/book.tidy.php) versions diverge, you need to activate this feature by adding the snippet below to your `site/config.php` file.

**Nota Bene:** If PHP throws warnings or errors, your Tidy for PHP version might be out of date. Please remove the lines below and ask your hosting provider for an update.

```php
/*
  Blog Setup
*/

c::set('tidy', true);
```

# Version History #

- v1.0: First official release
- v1.0.1: Fixed installation guide
- v1.1: Added Calendar integration
